Release v0.8.0 (#33)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/faq.md

In an ideal scenario, a distributed validator's private key should never exist in full in a single location.

> You can split an existing EIP-2335 keystore for a validator to migrate it to a distriubted validator architecture with the `charon create cluster --split-existing-keys` command documented [here](../dv/09_charon_cli_reference.md#create-a-full-cluster-locally). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can split an existing EIP-2335 keystore for a validator to migrate it to a distributed validator architecture with `charon create cluster --split-existing-keys` command documented [here](../dv/09_charon_cli_reference.md#create-a-full-cluster-locally). 
```
